hi minecraft friends this video
tutorial I will explain how to make a
tnt explosion at a distance
what we are going to occupy is a lever
we are going to occupy remaining cable cable that
I call him remember for me this
red stone is a cable and obviously what
that we are in this we put the lever
there we learn it we pay it we go to
have it off ok what I want to do
a parenthesis when placing the
which is the cable are 15 cubes 15 4 for
that the ge energy comes
leverage to see what I want them
give explain
ab observe I will put more tablets now
energy does not come here, that's why
many do not know how to do this from this
detonation in the distance what we 're going to
put the well-known repeater ok this already
it's a bit of advanced connections from
advanced circuits that I do not I have not
done a tutorial of basic circuits
I think there are already many videos on youtube
for these basic circuits but if I
they ask it I'm going to upload them I do not have any
problem here we put another repeater
to throw more energy into the wiring and
ok I remind you to have tnt
you have to get gunpowder are in the
gunpowder clippers if they do not like that
kill zombies because it always ends them
killing you
They can make the generator zombies
uploaded in a tutorial and so can
get gunpowder and sand sand is
next to the water there is no problem
ok I'll keep putting a little more
wiring to see what can be
do at any distance there is no
problem here is going to need a
repeater but you can first place the
has eye I have placed the tnt but
if you observe my wiring has no power
that 's why the tnt still does not explode
you have to be very careful with that
before starting to do what
they want to stop you
and I'm putting it a little more topic
to make the explosion look a little more
observe that I repeat my
wiring is off so that's why
is exploiting me I will release a little
of space here for what
to lower the wiring and do the
tnt connections
ok ok I'm going to remove a little more
to remove these pictures we are going to
put the cnt here too
ok it's left I'm going to connect all the
possible trains that can be without
crash the cables of subtract ok observe
how not not something that I have done that none
so that the direct signal enters him
towards the dmt
and I plug it in, I have not plugged it in because
I have turned on what is the lever
I have told my friend that he is in the
map that disables me the lever
observe how you are going to pay
There you are going to pay now you have already
and he paid me either disabled or
a friend
now yes without any problem they will be able to
make the connection and we move away
we move away to learn what is the
lever
here I will put a repeater in case not
they throw many signals to everyone
remember to always have repeaters what
more often as close as possible
there is no problem I repeat it helps us
to help us and not affect anything
ok what you are going to do is turn on
lever and they will observe how from here
I will make polka dots to have
okay
watch how they detonate without problem
some without any risk and a good
friends I am now yes that is in the
connections that to make a tnt to
distances I remind you of miguelín tar
mx rmx and see you in the next